Add release notes for 2.10.9 (#9539)
PrefectHQ/prefect: RELEASE-NOTES.md

# Prefect Release Notes

## Release 2.10.9

### Worker logs can now be seen on the flow run page

Workers now link relevant logs to specific flow runs, allowing you to view infrastructure related logs on your flow run page.

<img width="1294" alt="Process worker logs" src="https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/assets/2586601/658c2883-69f7-4ee0-abf6-a20ee4723b3a">

> You'll see generic logs from all worker types and following this release the integration worker implementations e.g. for Kubernetes will be updated to send additional rich logs to give you insight into the behavior of flow run infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll see generic logs from all worker types. Integration worker implementations such as Kubernetes workers will be updated to send additional rich logs to give you insight into the behavior of flow run infrastructure.
```

See https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9496 for details.

### Enhancements
- Handle `SIGTERM` received by agent gracefully — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/8691

> - Global flow and task retries and retry delay seconds — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9171

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add settings for global flow and task retries and retry delay seconds — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9171
```

> - Add `include_submodules` option to `git_clone_project` step — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9504

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for Github Submodules in Prefect projects — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9504
```

Author: I prefer the previous in this case. Or:

```suggestion
- Add `include_submodules` option to `git_clone_project` step for submodule support — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9504
```

but I don't think we really need it

Author: I prefer the previous in this case. Or:

```suggestion
- Add `include_submodules` option to `git_clone_project` step for submodule support — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9504
```

but I don't think we really need it

Reviewer: Makes sense

- Add wrapper for exceptions encountered while resolving parameter inputs — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/8584

> - Flush logs before exiting deployed flow run processes — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9516

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Flush logs before exiting deployed flow run processes for useful failing debugging  — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9516
```

- Update worker to be able to include itself as a related resource — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9531

### Fixes
- Fix bug where `SIGTERM` was not properly captured as a flow run crash — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9498
- Fix pass of optional parameters to API in `client.create_work_queue` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9521

### Documentation
- Add tip about flow run level concurrency — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9490

> - Add `on_failure` example to docs — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9511

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add documentation on `on_failure` flow run state change hook — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9511
```
